Update why-substrate.md (#1372)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-docs: content/md/en/docs/main-docs/fundamentals/why-substrate.md

- customizable with predefined composable modular components
- able to evolve and change with upgrades over time

> Substrate is a Software Development Kit (SDK) specifically designed to provide you with all the blockchain's fundamental components and enables you to focus on crafting the logic that makes your chain unique and innovative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Substrate is a Software Development Kit (SDK) specifically designed to provide you with all of the fundamental components s blockchain requires so you can focus on crafting the logic that makes your chain unique and innovative.
```
